3. United States | Data (worldbank.org) 
4. Customers would be anyone in education, or social service work
5. The project would discuss why enrollment in the united states is the way it is. Methods that have worked to prevent lower or good education enrollment. Helps social workers know ways they can reach out into the community to help prevent lower education enrollment or even copy methods that worked for other areas
6. We beleive that education in the united states is important because higher enrollment and diplomas are one of the major ways to avoid being in poverty. Our product will provide information for teachers and social workers to help tackle the problem of lower education enrollment in certain areas of the united states.
7. Data on regions where lower education rates are. Provide examples of high education enrollment in areas and what they are doing.


3.Household air pollution (who.int)
4.customers would be companies involved with humanitarian work and non-profits who try and spread information about climate change and pollution. Another customer or client would be companies who work with households and green energy.
5. The project would tackle which areas in the world have higher pollution and in addition to that if a company is stationed in a region it will provide relevent data on that region with household pollution. Current trends households are using to pollute.
6.Our project is based on trying to help people who own homes go green friendly and to bring awareness to people who own homes how they pollute and what they can do to tackle it. 
7.data on region specifics to work with companies. A page where homes use pollutes. Contacts with energy sectors for companies to communicate with in certain regions of company employment


3.Global HIV Programme (who.int)
4.customers would be non-profits who want to help people affected with hiv/aids in foreign countries
5.This project would tackle the hiv/aids victims in foreign countries. It will help non-profits know where areas have high/low levels of hiv/aids and let them choose which region to prioritize where to put their efforts
6. Our project is built on tackling hiv/aids in lower income countries and communities. We will deliver the tools for non-profits to have direction to help people affected by hiv/aids
7.data on hiv/aids in foreign countries. What non-profits are already in areas and communities. A message option to contact other organizations to help or work together.


3.Children aged <5 years with fever who received treatment with any antimalarial (%)
4.customers would be non-profits who want to help provide information to families with children about fevers.
5.This project tackles children with fevers and what to do. Provides information to mothers and fathers as well as companies to tackle sick children.
6.Children sickness is an app that prioritiezes helping parents with children treat specifically fevers for their children. We believe that children should not be left without treatment and have options to get them.
7.In app doctor appointment capabilities. Symptoms page, with possible treatments.
